As we've alluded to storing non-currency data on
a Blockchain where that wasn't
the intended purpose is a matter of debate in the Bitcoin community.
Is it ethically correct?
On the one hand, the Bitcoin Blockchain is a secure decentralized method
for data storage on which applications beyond financial ones can leverage.
Allowing data storage would help promote
the growth and long-term relevance of the Bitcoin platform.
Some in this camp believed that the Blockchain should be a public resource
available for whomever to use as long as they
paid for sufficient transaction fee for the miners.
On the other hand, other community members believe
the Bitcoin Blockchain should only be used for Bitcoin transaction data,
and any other type of data should be stored separately.
Regardless of which side of the debate you may fall,
the importance of scalability issues cannot be avoided.
Adding data to the network,
especially network where data cannot be erased,
raises the maintenance costs and adds a burden to everyone involved.
Every time a four node downloads the Blockchain,
all the data takes up memory that someone somewhere has to pay for.